No!
Hello. Brother Kang!
Brother Kang!
The money is for this month.
It's all here.
Take it for yourself.
Thank you. Brother Kang!
Don't be a pushover tomorrow!
Try to get things done.
OK. I will.
Thank you. Brother Kang!
Hello. Tai Kun!
Why aren't you here yet?
I'm here with the money!
Hello?
Why don't you talk?
Why did you kill my wife and kid?
You want to know why?
Come with me.
Here.
don't grill the fish.
Grill the guy behind me.
OK. boss.
Let's go.
Boss. boss!
Nothing.
Keep eating.
Okay.
Cheers. cheers. cheers
Why?
Why my family?
Guys.
whoever kills the fuck man
will get the money from Kun Tai.
Come on!
Everybody!
Go!
Why?
Why you killed my family?
I was just getting paid
to do with boss's orders.
Yinghao He is your boss?
Where can find him?
I don't know.
Okay.
All I know is a driver.
a driver of the boss.
We met a couple times.
I heard from him
Yinghao he picks up his daughter
at Jiati middle school
every day.
Tell me the plate number!
JIATI-6677
Mom!
My girl.
Do you have a wrestling lesson at the international school?
Your campus life is pretty exciting!
It's none of your business.
Where's my dad?
He has something to attend to.
He's home waiting for you.
You don't like him. do you?
I'm here just as you wanted me to be. aren't I?
You don't have to be here.
I can go home on my own.
Here.
Please get in the car. my princess!
Fulsome!
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
Watch your steps!
Sorry.
Let's go!
Ting. you are back.
Sit down and eat dinner.
Feel at ease.
we will definitely continue to support you next year.
Sorry!
Put your chopsticks down.
We have rules for eating.
Look at your clothes!
Go get changed.
Ting. let me help you!
Leave her alone.
Yinghao.
There's something wrong with the company's logistics department.
The police received a tip-off that
drugs were found in our shipment.
Why is that?
Drug crime has always been rampant in Jiati.
I suspect that some employees in the company
are secretly working with drug dealers.
I have always been responsible for safety checks.
so you're saying I have a problem?
I didn't say that.
but we can't say the same
for the local staff.
I'll find it out
Ping Lu
If word of the drugs spreads.
there must be a lot of pressure on the local authorities.
We will have a big problem
with the exemption of
logistics inspections by then.
You take care of it.
OK.
Mr. He.
I think our Group...
Ting.
What happened at school?
Nothing happened.
Nothing?
What happened to your clothes?
I just spilled paint.
It's that simple?
That's it.
Then why did
the principal call me and
beg me never to withdraw my school funding?
How could I know that?
The principal won't report anything
to me in advance.
Yinghao.
is there any misunderstanding?
What misunderstanding?
The principal has come to me.
You're still lying.
They provoked me first!
How did you act as à student?
By fighting?
Who taught you that?
You taught me to be brave and
fight back when it comes to
bullying and injustice.
And as for fighting.
I learned from him.
Ah.
it's not as safe as home. after all.
Girls
should learn some Kungfu for self-defense.
I told you to fight back.
not to cause trouble.
How dare you threaten the principal?
Do you know how much money I spent for you to study here?
You know nothing about it.
I don't care if your dad is He Yinghao.
I'm still the boss in this school now.
He just favors local students and
doesn't care who is right or wrong
You are being really pushing in classroom
getting physical
and even brought weapons.
Just because your dad is He Yinghao
doesn't mean you can break the rules.
You should know
I can kick you out right now.
I don't like the school or Jiati.
I don't even want to live here!
This is your home.
Where are you going?
This is not my home.
Home is where my mother is!
I hate this place.
I hate you. too.
You don't have to pretend to be a good father.
You are getting more nonsensical!
I'm nonsensical?
Have you ever asked me why I got into a fight
since I came home?
Ping Lu is a vegetarian and never eats meat.
Have you ever cared about her?
No!
Have you fulfilled your promise to accompany me
to the temple today to pray for my mom?
Also no!
You don't care about anyone!
You only care about yourself and your business!
Ting. stop it.
You don't give a damn about
what others really need.
In your eyes. everything can be solved with money!
Yinghao.
keep your cool.
Ting has grown up now.
Don't always scold her like this.
Ping Lu
book me on the earliest flight tomorrow.
I'm going home to see her mom.
Yinghao.
Return to country.
but the business here in Jiati
needs an eye on it.
When you're not here.
I'm afraid...
No!
Baby!
Yinghao He!
All our goods
are all gone.
They are taken away by the police.
It was done by the wanted person
named An Bai in the news.
He broke in and
killed all our members.
I think he called the police.
Brother Long!
You lost the goods.
You know what will happen to you?
Spare my life!
I'll pay for it.
I'll pay for it with everything.
Is your life worth
$20 million?
Brother Long!
Where are my goods?
There is something wrong with
the transportation chain of He Group.
The police have stripped
us of all our goods.
Where's that punk Tai Kun?
What do I need him for
if he can't even look after the goods?
I'm telling you. Tai Long.
if it weren't for my dad
insisting on keeping you as a dog.
how I could have kept you until ...
Talk to Yinghao He tomorrow
to find An Bai.
Ting.
Here.
My little girl has grown up.
What you said last night
was great!
We're going back to see your mom today.
Your mother would be so happy
to see you now.
Yinghao.
We got some news from the police.
What's that?
The police examined the drugs
from the logistics warehouse.
The test results show that
the drugs this time are the same as
the batch from three years ago.
After our private negotiation with the police.
the matter will not be made public for the time being.
When I'm not available.
visit the leaders on my behalf
to express my gratitude.
Don't worry about the cost.
OK.
Your dad actually cares about you.
he's just not very good at showing it.
Did my dad ask you to say it?
You probably don't know
why he values Ping Lu so much. do you?
What he is most worried about is actually
the lack of maternal love in your growth.
Wu.
can't you ever learn to shut up?
How did you drive?
Pay me!
You deliberately obstructed my car.
That's them! Let's go!
Reverse the car!
Get down!
Help!
Let me go!
Are you okay?
Keep alive!
Get down!
What's up?
What's going on?
Freeze!
Ting.
Tingting!
We need to have a talk.
Don't hurt Tingting!
Zheng Wu!
Save Tingting!
Mr. He!
Dad!
Come out!
Let me go!
Rubbish!
Take Tingting away first!
Be quick!
OK!
Let's go.
Mr. He!
Where's Tingting?
She is all right.
Go!
Let me go!
Zheng Wu!
Follow me or die here.
Get in the car!
No drugs Jiati!
Parades are useless.
thoroughly eradicate these drug criminals.
especially the evil forces led by Clay.
He has become
our biggest tumor in Jiati!
Mr. Congressman.
Every time you call me names on TV.
it annoys me.
That's why
I come to visit you today
and bring you a gift.
Take it as you like.
free of charge!
You just don't want to respect me. do you?
Children!
Don't worry!
Mom!
Lan!
It would be so good to be like this earlier.
Mr. Clay.
Mr. Clay
Fuck off!
Please.
please let my son go.
I can do anything for you.
Mr. Clay.
Let's play a game.
Only one of them
can survive.
Who dies. who lives.
you decide.
Or they both die.
Xiao Di.
Sorry!
you're the elder brother.
Xiao Da
This is your father.
a man with a mouth full of benevolence. righteousness. and morality.
yet shooting his own son.
You go to hell!
Send to swallow drugs.
as a mule.
Boss. Mr. He has arrived.
Chairman Yinghao He!
I hope you don't mind
having you here this way.
You brought me here
for the drugs. didn't you?
More than that.
I have another great gift for you.
These are local logistics companies in Jiati.
Sign them.
and they're yours.
As for the 20 million dollars.
I can write it off.
as long as we work together!
Isn't this the big gift
you've been dreaming of?
In Jiati.
only my company is exempt from inspection.
You must value it.
Right?
I won't sign them.
even if you kill me.
Chairman He.
you are more meaningful to me alive.
If you were dead.
the He Group would be
of no value to me.
But your daughter is different.
Son of a bitch!
Don't hurt my daughter!
Huh?
I met you
at the school gate.
You
you're the wanted man on the news!
You killed your wife and daughter.
Shut up!
Your dad is the man who killed them.
That's not gonna happen.
You know nothing about your family. huh?
I wouldn't trust a wanted man.
Without me. you've already dead.
This is not your business.
Get out of here!
Go!
Thank you.
you saved me!
Zheng Wu!
What the hell is going on?
Don't ask me questions!
Listen to me.
Did Tingting call you or come back?
No!
What happened?
We are highly likely to be retaliated by the drug cartels
Mr. He was taken.
All others were dead.
What about Tingting?
Zheng Wu. you fucking punk!
You are only responsible for safety along.
and it turns out you can't protect anyone!
You shut up now!
I lost them.
and I would risk my life to find them back.
Get the security cameras
at the gate of Jiati school now.
Time : Yesterday afternoon.
I stopped a man in a hat.
Who's that guy?
Nobody.
Just send me the video.
Zheng Wu. listen to me. don't mess around!
The police have been here.
The driving route was notified to
your captain.
Who else could know it?
Nobody except the captain.
He would only tell us
before we left.
Sister Ping Lu.
This is Ting He.
Tingting!
Tingting. where are you now?
Are you all right?
Is everything okay?
I'm fine.
I don't know where it is.
OK.
Listen to me.
From now on.
don't trust anyone.
Including Zheng Wu.
right?
I'm not quite sure now either.
But before left.
no one knew exactly where you were going except him.
Tingting.
now you need to find
a safe place nearby and hide.
I'm coming to pick you up right now.
Got it?
I got it.
Help!
Chinese?
I'm Yinghao He's daughter.
I was kidnapped. I just escaped.
Yinghao He's daughter?
You're safe now.
I'll take you back to the police station.
Let's go!
I just called my family.
They're coming to pick me up.
Don't worry.
I'll call your family
as soon as we get to the police station.
Let's go!
Be careful!
Hello. Sir.
I am patrolling officer PDJ-663.
This is the daughter of the He Group.
Great!
We got a call.
and the police are looking for her on the streets.
Everything here is ready.
Take it easy.
You can go back.
Yes. Sir!
Headquarters!
Freeze!
You can't escape anymore.
You're worth a million dollars.
I only need answers.
Who sent you?
Some. someone has offered a reward.
The whole black market knows she's worth a million dollars.
But I don't know who paid for it.
How did you find me?
We located this phone booth
and found you.
He's dead?
Just passed out.
Let's go!
Why were you there?
I'm sorry!
Are you okay?
Since we met at the school gate
you've been spying on me?
I don't know who to trust anymore.
The kidnappers were prepared.
But only Zheng Wu knew the route.
Also. Sister Ping Lu.
I only contacted her tonight.
We can work together.
Eat it and we are down!
Don't you want to revenge?
But you don't even know where my dad is.
I will track him down.
Then why don't you just ask me?
What's your point?
I want to find him. too.
And in that we share the same goal.
so why can't we work together?
You should understand what that means.
I know.
I'm sure you'll need me.
But you have to keep me safe.
As for when we find him. that's another story.
Do you really want me to kill him?
Why?
Drugs killed my mom.
My dad and I hate drugs more than anything.
I'm sure
my dad wasn't the man who killed your family.
And I'm sure you won't kill innocents indiscriminately.
Or you wouldn't have saved me
twice.
You are nothing but a problem.
No. I'm not a problem.
I'm the only lead you have right now.
I found the guy you mentioned.
His name is An Bai.
He's a wanted man.
Did he take Tingting?
Not him.
Listen!
From now on.
If Ting He comes looking for you.
tell me immediately.
Or else.
you're gonna kill her.
What do you mean?
I'm on my way to pick up Tingting now.
I. uh. I didn't have time to tell you.
You don't have to come.
She's gone.
I think it was about drugs.
Before departure.
I heard my dad talking to them.
My dad fired a bunch of guys
from the company three years ago
for smuggling drugs.
The police examined the drugs
from the logistics warehouse.
The test results show that
the drugs this time are the same as the batch from three years ago.
I heard they're all out of jail now
and became a group of desperados.
They can do anything for money.
This is the logistics point where they work.
There should still be a file on them
in the supervisor's computer.
Are you sure
they had it like us?
At least they should know something.
I'll go in and distract security.
You follow up later.
Help!
Help me.
What's up?
I'm Yinghao He's daughter.
I ran away from the kidnappers.
Come in.
Miss Ting He.
How did you escape from the kidnappers?
That's him.
Who is it?
Want to die?!
This betel nut guy
is the ringleader of the fired.
I remember his nickname very well.
They were in touch.
Tell me.
where can I find him?
I don't understand what he's saying.
Where to find the betel nut guy?
Lese slum market.
It is a complicated place
and even the police are afraid to go involved.
You're going to get yourselves killed there.
You would be like the phone
if you let anyone eles know.
What did he... what did he say?
I don't understand...
The bag must be your treasure.
Of course.
This is a birthday gift my mom gave me.
Although the color is a bit tacky.
I'll keep it on my back.
Don't girls just like pink?
It's prejudice.
Should girls like pink?
Come on. it's out of fashion. okay?
When have you grown-ups
ever really cared about others?
Happy birthday!
I love you. Dad.
I have my own phone.
No. Dad?
Unflattering neon pink?
My classmates will laugh at me.
Boom!
The other guys we're looking for...
Give me money!
I will get in.
And you stay here.
Wait.
These guys are all drug dealers at the bottom.
they are naturally timid and cautious.
In case of any unusual sign.
they will disappear
making it harder to find them.
It's better for me to get in.
They should know me.
I'm not a threat to them.
No!
You don't do that.
It's too dangerous.
You get me covered.
Right?
Bald guy.
take me to the betel nut guy.
Who are you. kid?
Get out of here!
I'm Yinghao He's daughter.
I'm worth a million dollars.
Boss. boss!
It's really her.
Come with me.
Let's go.
What are you looking at?
Wait for what?
Get him out of here and cut his belly open
and try to save the drugs
before they turn to shit.
Stop!
Don't touch me.
Let her in.
Give it back to me.
Ah.
You can't take it in.
I'll give it to you when you get out.
She's really Yinghao He's daughter.
Girl.
what do you want
from me?
I'm here to
make a deal with you.
I want you to help me save my father.
Why should I help you?
Did you know that your father fired me
and put me in jail?
I'll give you $2 million
if you help me.
Wait!
Where the hell is An Bai?
I really don't know.
We were just colleagues.
After his family were killed
he suddenly disappeared.
Boss. boss!
We found him.
He is right near you.
The man who took your father
is Clay.
He
is a real
big gun. a big drug lord!
You want me to go against him
with only $2 million?
Actually. about Clay.
your father should know much more than me.
Over the past three years.
Clay's goods
have been delivered
through your logistics channels.
Impossible!
How could my dad get involved with a drug lord?
Well. I won't make things difficult for you.
if you get me home safely
two million dollars is yours.
I don't want two million dollars.
All I have to do is take you.
and your family will have to pay
whatever I want.
When I get the money.
I'll send you to Clay.
You're like a cash machine delivered to us.
Stay back.
Bastard.
get her!
Let me go!
Go hell!
Do you know how much these drugs are worth?
Which hand threw it just now?
Hold it down
and cut it down right now!
Aren't you afraid Clay's gonna kill you?
Of course I'm afraid.
But I'm more afraid of not making any money in my life.
There would be another life after my death.
No one in this life could stop me from making money.
Fuck!
An Bai!
Are you okay?
Shit!
Stay back.
Stay back or I'll kill her.
You lucky it worked this time.
Next time
kick between the legs. Don't bite!
Okay?
Where can I find Clay?
Okay.
Out of town.
out of town Clay has a drug center.
Your dad should be there.
The base is closed.
Only a delivery guy named Uncle Jiu
can come and go as he pleases.
He's one of Clay's confidants.
Out of town
he has an old
Jiati Hotel. That's his place.
You're gonna die if you go there.
Go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Jump!
I cannot. I am not Tony Jaa!
Stop there!
Keep runing?!
Kill him!
Give her to me.
I'll leave you in one piece
Good!
I like it.
What a pity.
You ruined my makeup.
An Bai!
Go!
Stop!
Stop right here!
Let me go!
Tingting. come here!
Tingting.
What are you doing?
From now on.
don't trust anyone.
Tingting.
Ting He
What are you running for?
An Bai!
Don't kill him!
Tingting.
you can't go with him.
He is a wanted criminal.
An Bai!
Let's go!
I'm gonna kill you.
Kill you!
Are you okay?
I'm taking you to the doctor right now.
No!
We got too much attention around.
It's still those gangsters's place.
You don't do that.
You're gonna die if we don't do anything.
I have an idea.
Is anybody there?
Open the door
I'm coming.
What's with all this knocking?
Look how late it is!
Why not spare me some time for sleep?
Doctor. please save him.
Why don't you go to the hospital?
Look what I have here.
For treating animals.
I'm a veterinarian.
Veterinarians are also doctors.
We can save animals
and cure people.
Easy. easy. easy.
It hurts a little.
Hold on!
OK.
In my opinion.
he should be out of danger for now.
Why is he still in a cold sweat?
He has got infected wound.
so there is a symptom of fever.
Then give him some medicine.
Look.
what I've got here
is medicine for cats. dogs
and even pigs.
so...
Thank you.
All part of the job.
How to get to the Old Jiati Motel?
Wh. what?
That's easy.
Here. out the door and turn right.
Walk cross three streets.
It's at the intersection.
But as far as I know.
it is
not a good place.
Well...
A doctor's duty!
Take it!
I'll kill you
if you let anyone know.
Meritorious!
A magic touch!
Is anybody there?
Stay at the hotel?
Show me your ID card!
Sister.
my dad's sick.
We're here to see a doctor.
My wallet and documents were all stolen.
except a little money.
Please help us.
You don't look like father and daughter.
I got it.
Your mother's a foreigner. isn't she?
Yes!
My mother is a foreigner.
My dad is a local.
In general.
The standard room is $20 a night.
But you don't have an ID card.
It's difficult for me.
Turn right upstairs.
Thanks!
Hello. Uncle Jiu!
He shows up.
When to find Uncle Jiu?
Just wait here.
He will show up.
This is his town.
Eat this.
My mother taught me that
having a bit of sweet can make a big difference
when you get hurt.
An Bai!
I have a question to ask you.
Sure.
Is my dad really a drug dealer?
Why?
Why you ask now?
I don't know.
I trusted him.
But now it's not just you.
it's even the betel nut guy calling him a drug dealer.
I don't know who to trust anymore.
It's like my dad was never the man I knew.
An Bai!
I mean if
my dad really hurt your family.
will you promise me something?
An Bai!
The man who's still sleeping
is my dad.
He's going to work the night shift this time
and cannot return home with us.
Let's go to the airport.
Dinner's ready for you.
Your favorite Thai fried rice.
Just take it to the office and heat it up before eating.
This is
Dad.
Mom!
Mom. and
Let's go!
Okay. let's go!
Go kill him!
Kill him!
Come on!
Where is Clay's drug base?
Tell me!
The forest at the Mei River Port.
Drugs are all transported from there.
I know you are good at fighting.
But you'd better give up.
The police can control ordinary people.
but they can't control him.
You will never survive there.
An Bai!
Are you okay?
We met Clay.
Let's go!
I finally found you.
I can't wait
to get all these wounds
back on you.
An Bai!
Save him.
Tingting. are you okay?
Save An Bai!
Tingting. come with me.
I'm taking An Bai with me.
Are you crazy? He's gonna kill your dad.
An Bai!
Let's go!
Get out of here.
Go!
Freeze!
Hand it over.
It's all here.
Please don't hurt us.
No!
Baby!
Don't leave me.
Please.
No!
How are you?
Stop it!
Are you crazy?
If it weren't for Zheng Wu.
we'd be dead by now.
How did you find us?
Staying in a hotel and receiving surgery
have already revealed your whereabouts.
There's been a lot of talk about
both of you on the black market.
my men reported to me that
Tingting called Ping Lu.
I followed the GPS.
But I got there too late.
On site
I only found the body of a phoney cop.
Later.
just like you.
I tried to find out Mr. He's whereabouts.
I even investigated former employees
who became smugglers after being fired by the company.
Then I found the betel nut guy.
Captain.
we found Miss He was in the betel nut guy's hands.
And then you know what happened.
What is this place?
This is my safe house.
Your Kungfu is pretty good.
Looks like
you have a very different past.
Oh. let me return this to you.
That is something you can't play with.
I didn't mean to.
It fell out.
Let's go find your father.
It's safe here.
Zheng Wu will try to find my father.
You need to recover from your wounds.
An Bai!
Would you stop being so impulsive?
Those drug dealers are numerous and powerful.
You're alone and wounded.
It's like risking your life.
You were not against me
when I saved you from mobs.
You used to me from the beginning.
Since you have a new protection
you don't need me anymore.
And we are down.
I didn't mean that.
I'm worried about you.
You worry about your father.
I've heard all about you.
I'll look into it.
The truth is that Yinghao He killed my family.
My wife worked for He Group for eight years
and couple days ago
she told me about going back to her country.
Darling.
you are being weird.
Anything happen?
Tell me. please.
You can always trust me.
okay?
Don't worry!
Just ask for your leave.
We'll wait for you back home.
Then I knew
all because my wife discovered evidence
of Yinghao He's smuggling drugs.
That's why she was killed.
It's all here.
Please.
please don't hurt us.
Where's the backup?
No!
This is the flash drive.
is contained evidence
and for this
he killed my family.
Impossible!
There's nothing he hates more than drugs.
He would never touch drugs
Save it!
I found a bounty in Kun Tai 's phone
for killing my wife.
And all the clues
point back to Yinghao He.
Hello. Kun Tai!
Why aren't you here yet?
I'm here with the money!
And before you kill me.
I'll kill him with
my own hand.
Come on!
Kill!
Zheng Wu!
Because you saved Tingting's life.
I won't kill you.
But don't appear in front of me again.
An Bai!
Is he okay?
I will let him go
when I get your dad back.
Ting He.
I think you care more about him
than your father.
Tingting.
How are you? Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Asa
How could she get here?
Why didn't you tell me you found Tingting?
I run almost everything in the company.
Do you really think they'd dare to disobey me?
Tingting.
let's go home with me.
No!
I'm not going home.
I'm gonna find my dad.
Your father.
Mr. He was found?
The Clay Group did it.
I think it's because of the drugs
that were confiscated by the police last time.
It's not just that simple.
There's a mole in the company
smuggling drugs in secret.
An Bai's wife
was killed because she found out about it.
Mole?
And it must be a core member.
Freeze!
Asa
What are you doing?
Put the gun down.
Or I'll kill them.
Put it down.
Take them to Mr. Clay.
I'll take care of it here.
Let me go!
Let me go! Tingting!
Tingting.
Let me go!
When did you start?
It doesn't matter anymore. does it?
Okay. Asa.
You'd better run away from me later.
You have no chance.
Life and death are decreed by fate.
Wealth and rank are matters of destiny.
Don't blame me.
I'm just making a living.
Who the hell are you?
I'm just a
ghost lost family.
Why use your life?
I took money from the He Family
and fight for them.
It's easy to understand.
What about you?
Just like you.
I got paid. too.
I think the steak tastes best
when it comes out medium.
it may taste bloody if cooked less.
and becomes too tough if cooked more.
I think the same goes for being a man.
What's the key?
It's the moment.
It wouldn't look good
when to offend each other.
I have my limits.
And I really don't have anything
to say to you drug dealers.
Just say something nice. Mr. He.
It cannot be eaten as a meal
or spent as money.
By the way. Mr. He.
my overseas clients
are still waiting anxiously for my shipment.
Tingting.
Are you okay?
Tingting!
What do you want?
Mr. He.
sign the contract.
I will let her go
and also guarantee that there will be no trouble
for the entire He Group from now on.
If not. ...
I'll sign it.
Mr. He. you are a wise man.
Here.
cheers!
Wish us
a pleasant cooperation.
Cheers. cheers. cheers
Wait a minute!
The man who made us lose the goods is called An Bai.
He looks like
an ordinary warehouse keeper.
But before that.
he was a professional security specialist.
What's your point?
An Bai
was protecting the girl all the way.
but he's been looking for a chance
to kill Yinghao He.
I lost 20 million dollars.
That's all
you've got for me?
I'm telling you. Tai Long.
if it weren't for my dad
insisting on keeping you as a dog.
Otherwise. would I keep you until today?
You'd be less than a dog.
Clean it up.
We'll have a visitor in a minute.
OK.
Intruder!
Find him!
Interesting.
A man with a deep hatred has compassion
for his enemy's daughter.
Let's play a game.
kill him.
and I will let the girl go.
Your game sucks!
Interesting.
Maybe we can be friends.
I made no friends.
Let them go.
We will not be an enemy.
Enemies?
You're not the only one.
Go!
Get in!
It seems that
I overestimated you.
You are not qualified to be my enemy.
I'm sorry
we didn't get your family together last time.
What are you talking about?!
Before he died. that punk Clay was
all about the booze and the pussy.
I did everything.
including your family.
So much for.
now
you can reunite with your family.
An Bai!
Get out!
Dad!
Tai Long!
Let Tingting go.
I can give you anything.
Okay?
Tingting!
You're never
the only ones
who can survive in this world.
You have too much on your shoulders.
To save her.
kill yourselves!
This is the time!
Next time
kick between the legs. Don't bite!
An Bai!
I never hurt your family.
and I hate drugs more than anything.
If they hadn't threatened me with Tingting.
I would never compromise.
I believe your daughter.
so to you.
Thank you. An!
In fact. you have no idea
how much I envy your daughter these days.
You could abandon
everything for them
to fight the whole world.
All this time
I thought I didn't have a father's love like this.
But I realize that now
my dad is just like you.
He has always loved me with all his might.
although he is not very expressive.
No father will refuse to be a hero of his daughter
and when the time comes
it is the hardest thing.
An Bai!
Thank you.
Who are you?
What are you gonna do?
Have you ever seen a butterfly fall into a spider's web?
They think they can get away
because of vast skin scales.
But sometimes they can't.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You play with fire.
you get burned!
Who the hell are you?
I've never seen you before.
You met my wife and kid before. right?
You really think you can get away
after what have you down?
When Ting He contacted you for the first time
you came up for the first idea.
We found Ting He.
You exposed Ting He to the phoney cop.
kill him after him failed.
Tell Zheng Wu about the phoney cop.
And then using Zheng
to track us down.
Ms. Lu
We found Ting He.
She is in the safe house.
You make two plans:
Freeze!
Pretending to be caught.
So whatever it is or losing
does not affect you.
But you forget about me.
I saw you bought Asa.
He was following your orders
just like those employees
who were helping you traffic drugs.
I've been caught in a spider's web.
But Tai Long
is not the spider that traps me.
Mr. He is your web.
It has been ten years
since I followed him to this foreign land.
But I've never been able to be myself.
It's like I've been trapped
in a woman's body forever.
Ting He will never accept me.
I'm just a substitute.
So you used Tai Long to get rid of Mr. He
and he used you to kill Clay.
My wife. my family
were just luck that broke your way.
so you destroy my family.
If you want to blame me.
blame your family for crossing my bottom line.
Looks like she turned you down.
We won't allow her to ruin everything.
I just want to take my destiny into my own hands.
What's wrong with me?
The He Group will always be He's.
I'm so close to getting everything.
But you ruined everything.
It's you!
My family does not disturb that!
What are you doing?
No!
Wait a minute.
Don't kill me.
Listen to me.
I was really wrong.
Please forgive me.
I shouldn't have hurt your child
and your wife.
Don't kill me.
Please forgive me.
Please.
Please!
Sorry!
I shouldn't have
My wife and kid are all nice people.
They forgive you.
But.
I won't.
Money!
I can give you much money.
a lot of money!
Don't kill me.
Please. don't kill me!
It's all about Yinghao He.
Yinghao He made me do it.
He forced me like this.
Impossible!
There's an old Chinese saying.
natural nuisances can be that you can endure.
climbing up on yourself.
You
ruined yourself.
Don't kill me.
You got a minute farewell.
No!
Don't go.
Are you listening. Yinghao?
I'm sorry. Yinghao.
Sorry. Tingting
It's all my fault.
Sorry!
I wanted too much.
It's really me.
It's my fault. I shouldn't have done all this.
Can you forgive me?
Tingting? Yinghao?
The man who's still sleeping
is my dad.
He's going to work the night shift this time
and cannot return home
with us.
Let's go to the airport.
Dinner's ready for you.
Your favorite Thai fried rice.
Just take it to the office and heat it up before eating.
Dad
Dad. And?
Mom!
And?
Me!
OK!